Recommend containers scoping to names (#146)
k8s-service-bindings/spec: README.md

A Service Binding resource **MUST** define a `.spec.application` which is an `ObjectReference`-like declaration.  A `ServiceBinding` **MAY** define the application reference by-name or by-[label selector][ls]. A name and selector **MUST NOT** be defined in the same reference.  A Service Binding resource **MUST** define a `.spec.service` which is an `ObjectReference`-like declaration to a Provisioned Service-able resource.  Extensions and implementations **MAY** allow additional kinds of applications and services to be referenced.

> The Service Binding resource **MAY** define `.spec.application.containers`, as a list of integers or strings, to limit which containers in the application are bound.  Referencing containers by index is fragile in the presence of admission webhooks that inject sidecar containers.  So, it is **RECOMMENDED** to avoid using integer value to match container by index. Binding to a container is opt-in, unless `.spec.application.containers` is undefined then all containers **MUST** be bound.  For each item in the containers list:

Reviewer: Flipping this around to make it more clear what we recommend users do instead of what not to do.

```suggestion
The Service Binding resource **MAY** define `.spec.application.containers`, as a list of integers or strings, to limit which containers in the application are bound.  Referencing containers by index is fragile in the presence of admission webhooks that inject sidecar containers.  It is **RECOMMENDED** to match containers by name. Binding to a container is opt-in, unless `.spec.application.containers` is undefined then all containers **MUST** be bound.  For each item in the containers list:
```
